I greet all dear subscribers and
the audience with you i'm alexey and my channel
product review from china
Today we have a package with aliexpress and
this is chinese tea so who not
turn off can turn off this video
The parcel arrived in 17 days 4 days on
Belarusian then I can attack again
store hurricane tech house
someone there asked me to order
pressed dahunpau I still there
the bill proved nothing is priced at $ 4
or so here is the late mail of china
came for the whole promise filed 10 dollars for
tea
who wants but who wants to start malika
boughs quote
remember that $ 5 for 50 grams is
the normal price of it in Odessa, I miss
So
one did not understand why they are drawn
one is written another
where pressed like we have again two
briquettes like that
many sites I saw so nothing on this
not written here it is written organic
dianca
even cheaper a little bark four with
half dollar
income of five and a half dollars for 50
grams of tea is enough on the site
past tea and here with this package shui npr
I liked them all I have now
I advise now this has arisen
took sneeze everything we had
This is how it looks
format
Well, yes, organic go probably something
processed smells so not as classic
money but it smells delicious and i will
try the next in line with us
pressed so happy central
pressed like a hand drawn
dahunpau
let's see something fell in one bag
All the second such special I will hide
I have not panicked for a long time and I have a dome
has ended
so just 50 grams you will
grab about
Maybe you are hoping for 8 goods like this
big wheel with some kind of knock out
zero
characters for the same
the smell
the smell of strong navy smoked in said
strong cooking will probably be revenue
friends
sing chinese heals so
subscribe to the channel put big
thumbs up don't forget about instagram
twitter group
bye friends